Add selected instrument urns to systemcard (#179)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/projects/amt/reporting-standard/0.1a7.md

# :label: 0.1a7

> This document describes the Transparency of Algorithmic Decision making (TAD) Reporting Standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the Algorithm Management Toolkit (AMT) Reporting Standard.
```

For reproducibility, governance, auditing and sharing of algorithmic systems it is essential to have a reporting
standard so that information about an algorithmic system can be shared. This reporting standard describes how
information about the different phases of an algorithm's life cycle can be reported. It contains, among other things,
descriptive information combined with information about the technical tests and assessments applied.

!!! warning "Disclaimer"

>     The TAD Reporting Standard is work in progress. This means that the current standard is probably suboptimal and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The AMT Reporting Standard is work in progress. This means that the current standard is probably suboptimal and will
```
